Add a section on number conversion (#21068)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/equality_comparisons_and_sameness/index.md

4. At this step, both operands are converted to primitives (one of String, Number, Boolean, Symbol, and BigInt). The rest of the conversion is done case-by-case.
   - If they are of the same type, compare them using step 1.
   - If one of the operands is a Symbol but the other is not, return `false`.
   - If one of the operands is a Boolean but the other is not, [convert the boolean to a number](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number#number_coercion): `true` is converted to 1, and `false` is converted to 0. Then compare the two operands loosely again.

>    - Number to String: [convert the string to a number](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number#number_coercion). Conversion failure would result in `NaN`, which will guarantee the equality to be `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Number to String: [convert the string to a number](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number#number_coercion). Conversion failure results in `NaN`, which will guarantee the equality to be `false`.
```
